fix: Theme settings getting lost when navigating quickly (#9587)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2025-05-20-added-reset-parameter-to-update-theme.md

---
title: Fix theme settings getting lost when navigating quickly
issue: #9572
author: Alexander Menk
author_email: a.menk@imi.de
author_github: @amenk
---

# Administration

> * Added new parameter `reset` to `src/Storefront/Theme/Controller/ThemeController.php`:`updateTheme` which resets the theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added new parameter `reset` to `\Shopware\Storefront\Theme\Controller\ThemeController::updateTheme()` which resets the theme.
```

> * Added new parameter `reset` to `\Shopware\Storefront\Theme\Controller\ThemeController::updateTheme()` which resets the theme.

Reviewer: I think this would need to go into the storefront section :thinking:

Author: I did not notice that this is a storefront controller ... because it's all happening in the Admin. Very intersting.

Shall I change it to storefront?

Reviewer: yeah, it is more about the namespace, I guess :thinking: but maybe the @shopware/product-cc-discovery team has an opinion on that

Reviewer 2: Storefront is correct. The complete Theme system is in an in-core-bundle for the Storefront, since Shopware can be used headless, as you know 😄 One of the rare places in Shopware were you have Admin stuff in the Storefront Domain :)

> * Changed call in Theme Manager use the `reset=1` parameter to do reset and update in one step.

Reviewer: would you mind adding the file or class name of the JS part here as well to make it more clearer?

Author: sure
